Add edits for better understandability (#484)
acend/kubernetes-basics-training: content/en/docs/troubleshooting/_index.md

```

Then execute the port forwarding command using the Pod's name:

> Hint: Best run this command in a separate shell, or in the background by adding a ` &` at the end of the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
Best run this command in a separate shell, or in the background by adding a ` &` at the end of the command.
{{% /alert %}}
```
